br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/api/scoreboard/wrapper/ScoreboardWrapper.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.api.scoreboard.wrapper.ScoreboardWrapper
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/game/inventory/Inventory.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.game.inventory.Inventory
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/api/scoreboard/row/ScoreboardRow.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.api.scoreboard.row.ScoreboardRow
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/scheduler/ServerRunnable.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.scheduler.ServerRunnable
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/game/stage/GameStage.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.game.stage.GameStage
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/listeners/player/PlayerListener.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.listeners.player.PlayerListener
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/utils/ClassGetter.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.utils.ClassGetter
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/FinalBattle.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.FinalBattle
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/api/scoreboard/ScoreboardCustom.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.api.scoreboard.ScoreboardCustom
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.api.scoreboard.ScoreboardCustom$Row
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/listeners/death/DeathListener.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.listeners.death.DeathListener
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/event/scheduler/ServerRunnableEvent.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.event.scheduler.ServerRunnableEvent
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/game/scheduler/GameRunnable.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.game.scheduler.GameRunnable
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/listeners/connection/ConnectionListener.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.listeners.connection.ConnectionListener
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/manager/Manager.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.manager.Manager
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/manager/client/ClientManager.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.manager.client.ClientManager
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/client/Client.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.client.Client
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/api/item/ItemBuilder.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.api.item.ItemBuilder
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/event/CustomEvent.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.event.CustomEvent
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/listeners/ArcadeListener.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.listeners.ArcadeListener
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/listeners/soup/SoupListener.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.listeners.soup.SoupListener
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/api/scoreboard/ScoreboardBuilder2.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.api.scoreboard.ScoreboardBuilder2
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/client/scoreboard/Client2Scoreboard.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.client.scoreboard.Client2Scoreboard
br/com/felipecostadev/prototype/client/mode/ClientMode.java
 br.com.felipecostadev.prototype.client.mode.ClientMode
